img1,school zone,
img2,lane merging from right,
img3,divided highway begins,
img4,winding road,
img5,road turns right,
img6,school crossing,
img7,playground,
img8,divided highway ends,
img9,crossroad ahead,
img10,road curves right,
img11,pedestrian crossing,
img12,stop ahead,
img13,two-way traffic,
img14,road entering from right,
img15,soft shoulder,
img16,traffic signal ahead,
img17,right lane end,
img18,road slippery when wet,
img19,road ends at junction,
img20,no passing zone,
img21,traffic circle ahead,
img22,traffic on both sides,
img23,deer crossing,
img24,railroad crossing,
img25,maximum height,
img26,added lane,
img27,stop,
img28,yield,
img29,do not enter,
img30,no right turn,
img31,no left turn,
img32,no u turn,
img33,no trucks,
img34,no pedestrians,
img35,no bicycles,
img36,left only,
img37,keep right,
img38,parking,
img39,picnic area,
img40,accessible,
img41,hospital,
img42,information,
img43,telephone,
img44,gas
